1.Class is a program which is to create blue print and that class has two members one is field ,one is method. using keyword "class".
2.Object is an instance of class and it is copies of the class called as object .this have two state and behaviour eg:bird has name,color and behaviour as flying .
3.this is a reference for  object and within the instance method or constructor. and it can be used within instance method and constructor .
4.constructor is a method that is used to initialize object and constructor is called when an object of class created.
Eg: if we want to initialize object of bike that is color using constructor--public Bike{
                                                                               public String color;
                                                                              
                                                                              public Bike(String bikeColor);																			  
																			  this.color=color;		  
																						  
																						  }
																						  
											
5.over-loading is meant by multiple method have same name but different parameters.
6.Static means its a variable which has only one copy which can be access by either class name or reference variable.or its refer to common property 
of all the variables.
7.Access specifier in java refers to which allows visibility or  to access  the fields ,class,method ,constructor and there are four types of access spesifiers
1-public .
2-protected.
3-private.
4-default.
8.Types of variables are 
1->Local Variable
  local variable which is initialize within the method.
2->Instance variable.
   which is initialize which in body of the class.
  
3->Static variable.
   only one copy which can access by class or reference variable.
   
9.Instanciation is a creation instance of object within the class.
   initialization is an initiate or Setting the value to an object.

10.An array is data structure ,storing of object of the same data type.and it is initialize during declaration .declare and initialize 
   eg: int[] color={pink,blue,black}; here we have created the and initialize the colours in array.   
 

   